[Concept Entry] Go Math Functions. (#2408)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/math-functions.md

---
Title: 'Math Functions'
Description: 'Go supports many different math functions through the math package.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Go supports many different math functions through the `math` package. You must import the `math` package before using these functions, as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go supports many different **math functions** through the `math` package. The `math` package must be imported before using these functions, as in the example below:
```
